Updated the deployer example. (#230)
stellar/soroban-docs: docs/examples/deployer.mdx

The contract ID of the deployed contract is deterministic and is derived from
the deploying contract ID and the provided salt.

Open the `deployer/deployer/src/lib.rs` file to follow along.

> ### Contract code installation

Reviewer: Title needs capitalizing for consistency, and I suggest we shorten it, since it is easier to create a concept stories around single word names like "installation" and "deployment".
```suggestion
### Contract Installation
```

Reviewer: It's not really "code" either, it's compiled into some form of code, but not "code" the way developers think of code normally. And it is a contract. It's literally the contract. Deployment creates a contract instance, one of the paragraphs in the doc use that language of "contract instance". So I think we already have dual usage of the term. But that's fine, lets keep code as that's what is in the env and XDR too I realize.

Author: WASM is binary code and that's the way I think about that personally. But I'm fine with updating the terminology to make it less ambiguous. I agree that the code is a contract in some sense, but OTOH saying 'contract instance' every time we refer to the thing you can invoke (and the thing that you'd use 99% of the time) is kind of redundant. Maybe they can be used interchangeably, but then we need something to disambiguate WASM in docs like this one.

Before deploying the new contract instances, the WASM code needs to be installed

> on-chain. Then it can be reused to deploy an arbitrary number of contract 

Reviewer: It can be reused, but first it can be used, so used covers both cases.
```suggestion
on-chain. Then it can be used to deploy an arbitrary number of contract 
```

> instances. The installation typically should happen outside of the deployer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instances. The installation should typically happen outside of the deployer
```

contract, as it needs to happen just once.
while the deployer contract can be called multiple times.

> [Below](#tests) is the example of installing the contract code in tests. For the actual
> installation see the general deployment [tutorial](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/tutorials/deploy-to-futurenet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [tests](#tests) for an example of installing the contract in tests. For the actual
installation see the deployment [tutorial](https://soroban.stellar.org/docs/tutorials/deploy-to-futurenet).
```

### Deployer

The `deployer` contract deploys other contracts. It accepts a salt that will be

> used to derive a contract ID, and a hash-based identifier of the installed WASM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to derive a contract ID, and a hash of the installed WASM
```

Reviewer: Is the wasm hash only a hash of the code or something else? Because If it is of something else I think the SDK is misleading.

> code to deploy. It also accepts an initialization function and arguments to pass 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to deploy. It also accepts an initialization function and arguments to pass 
```

to that function.

The contract first gets a deployer using the salt, then calls deploy with the

> WASM hash. The contract that with the code corresponding to the `wasm_hash` will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WASM hash. The installed contract corresponding to the `wasm_hash` will
```

Author: Rephrased and added more context regarding properties/benefits of hash-based deployment.

#[test]
fn test() {
    let env = Env::default();
    let client = DeployerClient::new(&env, &env.register_contract(None, Deployer));

>     // Install the WASM code to be deployed from the deployer contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Install the WASM that will be deployed by the deployer contract.
```

Author: Updated.

}
```

The test contract will be used when testing the deployer. The deployer contract

> deploys the test contract and invokes its `init` function.

Reviewer: Nice this reads better being separate.

In any test the first thing that is always required is an `Env`, which is the
Soroban environment that the contract will run in.

```rust
let env = Env::default();
```

Install the code of the test contract that we have imported above via
`contractimport!` and get the hash of the installed WASM code:

```rust
// Install the WASM code to be deployed from the deployer contract.
let wasm_hash = env.install_contract_wasm(contract::WASM);
```

> Register the deployer contract with the environment:

Reviewer: Can you keep these as sentences with trailing `.` for consistency with the other other examples. I don't mind changing it, but if we're going to change it, can you go over every page in the doc and update them all? The docs try and be as consistent as possible.

Author: Updated.

```rust
env.register_contract(&deployer_id, Deployer);
```

> ...and created a client for it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a client that will be used to invoke the contract.
```

Author: Rephrased.

If you have [`soroban-cli`] installed, you can invoke the contract function to
deploy the test contract.

TODO: the CLI currently doesn't support the install operation. Before running
the `invoke` below, the contract has to be installed.

> 

Reviewer: There's no plan to add an install command to the CLI in this iteration, so we need to remove this todo and come up with a way for them to "install" it.

```sh
soroban invoke \
    --wasm target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/soroban_deployer_contract.wasm \
    --id 0 \
    --fn deploy \
    --arg 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 \

>     --arg <installed WASM hash> \

Reviewer: We need to tell people how to get this hash. Can you add that?

If you have [`soroban-cli`] installed, you can invoke the contract function to
deploy the test contract.

> Before the contract can be deployed, you need to install the child contract WASM.
> 
> ```sh
> soroban install --wasm target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/soroban_deployer_test_contract.wasm
> ```
> 
> This command will return the hash of the installed WASM(`edce149b183ea03dfd896a263d2e17c1f08229da52afa6f822d9cbc67c103806` here).

Reviewer: Suggest rewording, removing "child" and referring to that contract as the test contract, given that's what we refer to it elsewhere and that's what the file name is.

````suggestion
Before deploying the test contract with the deployer, install the test contract WASM using the install command. The install command will print out the hash of the WASM which can be used by the deployer to deploy.

```sh
soroban install --wasm target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/soroban_deployer_test_contract.wasm
```

The WASM hash is a 32-byte SHA-256 hash of the WASM file, and the install command will print it out as hex. It will look something like `edce149b183ea03dfd896a263d2e17c1f08229da52afa6f822d9cbc67c103806`.
````
